TALON: Previously on "The Outpost"...
I've waited a long time to find
the men who killed my family.
I'm going to Gallwood Outpost.
ERIK: That's halfway across the realm.
Cross me and I'll stick you out at night
and let those diseased
savages have at you.
I wouldn't expect anything else.
The name's Janzo. Best
brewer in the realm.
Keep him drinking.
The old creepy guy who's
been watching you all night?
I'm Captain Garret Spears.
- What's wrong with those people?
- Those are Plaguelings.
They spread their disease with a needle
they try to stick you with.
God, I hate these things!
[GRUNTING]
TALON: Who are you?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
This your sword?
Yeah, but someone took it.
Stop repeating yourself.
You said that already.
[GRUNTS]
What does that say?
I can't... I can't read.
You're too stupid to have done this.
Yes, Marshal.
[CHUCKLES]
This black stuff is oil...
spilled from a lamp during a struggle.
I'll be keeping this for a while.
Now get outta my sight.
- Thank you, Marshal.
- Say another word and I'll change my mind.
You ever seen blood like this?
One thing it's not is oil.
Well?
Of course, Danno, the
obvious answer's demons.
Why didn't I think of that?
Whatever it was got
stabbed at least twice.
Pinned right against this post.
There should be another body right here.
"Tell Dred one remains."
[WHISPERS] "Tell Dred one..."
Everit Dred.
I'd rather eat broken glass
than have him snooping around.
And now here's a Covenant
agent dead in my street.
The Watch doesn't sleep until I know
who or what is responsible for this.
You're lucky I salvaged the last of
the latrico salve or you'd be dead.
[GRUNTS, PANTING]
Lie still.
You've lost too much of
that black blood of yours.
[GRUNTS]
I saved your life!
So you say. What else
have you done to me?
Why am I half naked?
How else could I tend to your wounds?
You've seen too much.
If you mean your black blood,
that's the reason I saved you.
[COUGHING]
[PANTING]
You can't afford to lose any more blood.
Now lie down.
Who are you?
[PANTING]
[THEME MUSIC PLAYING]
- Synced and corrected by VitoSilans -
-- www.Addic7ed.com --
[WINCES, GRUNTS]
I've sewn you up as best I can,
but I'm a blacksmith, not a seamstress.
You must keep still
till the bleeding stops.
[EXHALES SHARPLY] It was you last night.
- Carried me away.
- It was.
[GRUNTS]
Is he dead?
Magmoor?
He is.
Ox-blood tea.
To slow the bleeding.
Come on.
It's disgusting.
So why'd you save me?
Have you ever heard of
the Blackblood Prophecy?
The what?
I've spent the last half of
my life studying that prophecy.
"When the moon is a flame,
a Blackblood will
summon the slayers of men
to conquer and purge
the oppressors of old."
Doesn't mean anything to me.
It's the reason why
men like Toru Magmoor
want people like you dead.
To insure that the
prophecy is never fulfilled.
Now he's dead.
[CHUCKLES] He's more
dangerous to you dead than alive.
Others will come looking
for whoever killed him.
Good. Then let them come.
I'll kill them, too.
[SCOFFS]
I have something for you.
Look, I'm not interested
in your prophecies.
It belonged to your people.
Now it belongs to you.
Those words,
study them in your head only.
Not out loud.
Not yet.
How about I don't study them at all?
They're meaningless.
You heal quickly,
but your wounds are still fresh.
You must rest.
Wythers and his Watchmen will
be looking for Toru's killer.
[PANTING]
Good-bye, old man.
And thank you.
Come back when you're ready.
Psst.
Is it true?
Magmoor is dead?
I heard it from Lilly.
[BOTH GRUNT]
- He's dead.
- My hero.
That was nice, but...
I didn't kill him.
- You didn't?
- No.
- Well, then who did.
- I'm not sure.
But I suspect it was that
woman from last night, Talon.
- Well, she did that for me?
- No, I doubt it.
She doesn't strike me
as the kind of person
who would do anything
for anyone but herself.
Well, still, she's
done me a great service.
I must be sure to thank her.
But right now I have
more pressing business.
Gwynn... Gwynn, if your
father sees, he'll kill me.
No, he won't. He loves you like a son.
Gwynn, you know I can't.
All right? Now just...
everything is going to
change. We... we just...
We have to wait.
No.
Please.
[SIGHS]
Captain.
General Calkussar, I was just...
Save it. We have more
important business.
Sir.
You heard about Magmoor?
I have.
I can't say I'm unhappy about that.
He won't be able to hurt Gwynn now.
- Were you behind this?
- No. No, sir.
I would never kill a Covenant
agent without your permission.
Well, other than you,
I can't think of anyone who can
match Toru Magmoor in a fair fight.
I'll look into it, sir.
What's the latest on the Greyskins?
My men counted 50 new fires last night.
Hundreds more Greys.
Well, we'll use that to our advantage.
We'll tell the Prime Order about
the advancing Greyskin threat,
and then we'll tell them that we need
more money to pay for new recruits.
Get the Prime Order to pay for the army
that will one day overthrow them.
It will happen, Garret.
We will go back to the time before
the Prime Order took over everything.
Yes, sir. Yes, sir.
We all want the Prime Order gone.
But can we do it with fresh recruits?
I mean, they'll have no
training, no experience.
Well, then you'll train them, Garret.
Make them loyal to the
Outpost, loyal to me.
Captain,
there is one more thing.
Yes, sir?
In my life, Garret, I have
made some difficult choices.
Yes, sir.
So you'll believe me when I say
touch her again
and I will cut off your bells
and feed them to my dogs.
[PANTING]
Yes, sir.
She's not meant for you, son.
It's not about what she wants,
it's not about what I want,
and it sure as hell is
not about what you want.
I need to know that I can trust you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
My long promised shipment
of weapons from the Outpost.
Oh, the very same.
- Kell?
- I'll wait out here.
Long ride?
Aye.
Just haven't gotten much sleep.
- Ah.
- Have you, uh, got something for me?
Something to kick you up a notch?
Aye.
- Yeah, give it here.
- [GRUNTS]
Open recruitment?
Is that wise?
To the public we're recruiting against
the Greyskin threat from the south.
Any news on the Plagueling situation?
Six men infected since your last visit.
Six? Did you quarantine them?
Five days. Four turned Plagueling on
the third day, another on the fifth.
All right, make it
seven days quarantine.
We can't afford any more outbreaks.
Yes, sir.
I want one of these nailed to every
post in the Four Quarters by nightfall.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[GROANS]
[PANTING]
[GRUNTS]
It's you.
I mean, you're here in my place.
Is everything all right?
Hey, that... that's
a wound. You... you...
Look, you need a medic. I'm going
to go and send for the Watch.
No!
Just get me upstairs. I'll be fine.
"Tell Dred one remains."
His last request, his dying wish.
One what remains?
What is this Prime Order scumbag
so desperate to tell his Ambassador
that he writes it in
his own blood as he dies?
Take this to the Post Master.
For Ambassador Everit Dred.
- [GRUNTS]
- Look, look, come on, look, you're bleeding.
- You need help.
- [PANTING]
You're not a medic, you're a barkeep.
- I'm a brewer.
- Fine, a brewer.
And I'm an alchemist.
Look, I know my medicines,
and I'm very good with my hands.
I already know about your black blood.
Shut up about that or
you'll get us both killed.
Why? I'm not gonna
tell a soul, I promise.
Come on. Let me clean
your wounds up, huh?
Whoever stitched you
up was a complete hack.
- [GRUNTING]
- Sorry.
[SIZZLING]
- Ah!
- Sorry.
The stab wound, it's just...
Passed right through your
vitals, by the looks of it.
You should be dead.
What was it? A sword?
Wait.
That Covenant officer who
they found dead this morning...
That was you, wasn't it? That's
why you're hiding from the Watch.
He was a bad man, Janzo, he deserved it.
I hate the Prime Order
as much as anyone else,
but from what I've seen,
killing leads to more killing.
That'd be a good wager. [GRUNTS]
Guess we better get you better
so we can get you out of here.
Couldn't agree more.
[LABORED BREATHING]
Done. Shouldn't even need a bandage.
Just make sure you get plenty of rest.
WOMAN: Janzo? Janzo!
I'd better go.
Hey.
You are pretty good
with your hands, brewer.
Promise me you'll rest.
[GRUNTS]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Help me off with this, boy.
Come on, pull. Harder.
[GRUNTS]
[EXHALES DEEPLY]
Dog's bollocks. I'm too old for this.
[KNOCKING]
Get out, boy, I've got
business to attend to.
A thousand blessings on
you this evening, Mistress.
[CHUCKLES]
Yes, indeed. More than a
thousand, by the looks of things.
A full hundred score of raw colipsum.
Mm-hmm.
[GRUNTS]
[INHALES DEEPLY]
[EXHALES] Well, aren't you
just a gift from the gods?
A fortune... in gold.
For a spongy, flea-bitten lout.
What a waste.
You know, the cost of colipsum...
seems always to rise.
Supply and demand, Mistress.
[CHUCKLES] Oh, supply
and demand. Yes, of course.
It's a pity the Outpost is
so far away from the capital.
It's so hard to get news.
Every now and then, though,
you hear this and that.
You know, rumors. Red
silk's all the rage,
and the Chief Judge like little boys.
[CHUCKLES]
You know there's even a rumor that the
cost of colipsum is starting to fall.
Other suppliers are
selling fast and loose.
Meanwhile my supplier
is increasing his prices.
In case you've forgotten,
I'm the only one with a supplier
around this far edge of the realm.
I'm your only source of colipsum.
Buyers like you, on the other hand,
are multiplying like rats.
Many men would kill to be in your shoes.
Haven't tried my shoes.
Cross me and you're cut off.
Back to running tables
and selling booze.
[GROWLS]
My dear Worm,
I wouldn't dream of crossing you.
This is just business, of course.
[CHUCKLES]
[KICKING]
Mum?
Follow him, day and
night, wherever he goes.
I want to know all his contacts.
Aye. Both of us?
No, of course not both of you.
You couldn't follow your own shadow.
- And I never will.
- [CHUCKLES]
[SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
[SCREAMING]
[PANTING]
[SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
[GROWLING]
[CHITTERING]
- [HEAVY BREATHING]
- [CHITTERING]
No! Go away!
[GROWLING]
[PANTING]
[CHUCKLES]
Mmm.
My compliments, Elinor.
Delicious as ever.
Oh, nothing but the
best for my Gate Marshal.
Let me ask you something, El,
you ever see any kind of
creature with black blood?
Don't know.
Greyskins, maybe.
Greyskins blood's red, same as ours.
Oh, shut up. No one's listening to you.
You sure about that?
About what? About Greyskins? Yeah.
What are you covering up, boy?
Nothing.
What are you hiding up there?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
You will tell me what did this.
Something so big it'd
tear down this ceiling.
Do you know what, Marshal?
I can honestly say that
I have absolutely no idea.
[CLANGING]
- They're looking for you.
- I know.
What is this?
Did you study it as I suggested?
You read the words out loud?
It's all a bit hazy, but what if I did?
What happened?
This... this thing just
appeared out of nowhere.
- A Lu-Qiri.
- A what?
The thing that you summoned
is called a Lu-Qiri.
Common folk call them demons.
A demon?
And you don't think you
should have mentioned this?
I told you not to read it out loud.
You could have mentioned why.
How is any of this even possible?
Blackbloods are a bridge
between their world and ours.
Do you even hear what you're saying?
Did you banish it back
through the portal?
And how exactly would I do that?
You mean it's out there now in
our world and you don't know where?
You have to learn to control
it soon or it will kill.
This is your fault.
You're the one who gave me these
stupid words in the first place.
- You banish it.
- Believe me, if I could, I would.
But you're the only one
who can do that, Talon.
I don't believe you.
You can't escape who you are, Talon.
Let me help you.
Why?
What's in it for you?
A long time ago,
I witnessed something that I
can only describe as a miracle.
It changed everything for me.
What kind of miracle?
When you're ready, I'll tell you.
But for now, all you need to
know is from that moment forward,
I dedicated my life to
studying the prophecy.
Learning from the Loremasters.
And then waited.
For what?
For you.
[CHUCKLES]
There's a man in town called The Wolf.
I'm going to find him and kill him.
And then I'm gone.
[DOOR CLOSES]
I should have trusted my gut about you.
I knew something wasn't right the day
Garret dragged you in like a stray dog.
I don't want to hurt anyone.
Then don't.
Just surrender.
I can't do that.
[ALL GRUNTING]
As I said, I don't want to hurt anyone.
Drop your weapons.
I would leave them there if I were you.
Thank you for proving you're good enough
to have so capably
murdered Toru Magmoor.
It's the one thing I had
a hard time believing.
Oh, really?
You imagine you're good
enough to take on nine of us?
- Maybe.
- You said you didn't want to hurt anyone.
You've already badly
injured one of my men.
Let's avoid any more
bumps and bruises, eh?
[CLATTERING]
Cuff her up tight.
She's a wily one.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold.
Sir?
Sir,
I thought you should know.
The Gate Marshal arrested
that woman you brought in.
Kell, are you all right?
Yeah. I'm just a little tired.
I'll be fine. Go on.
Tell me straight, Danno,
you ever seen blood like this before?
She look like a demon?
All that matters...
is that it's all the proof I need.
We execute her at first light.
Deliver her body to the
Prime Order when they show up.
- Where is she?
- Where she belongs.
She's a murderer.
Look, if this is your
way of getting at me
for returning to the Outpost, don't.
It's got nothing to do with you.
Although it was you that brought her
behind these walls in the first place,
wasn't it?
Why'd you care so much?
You got a little thing for the tart?
[CHUCKLES]
No.
I just don't want another
innocent person to die
because you're wrong...
again.
I'm not wrong this time.
The evidence is undeniable.
She killed Toru Magmoor.
Magmoor was a real bastard.
I can only imagine what he
did to deserve whatever it was.
He was a Covenant officer.
Doesn't matter what else he was.
Could I have a moment with her?
- Alone.
- [BURPS]
I don't think so.
[SIGHS]
I can pull rank if you want.
Come on, Danno. You got
till his pipe runs out.
Hey.
How are you holding up?
You're quite the survivor, aren't you?
Don't think I'll survive that thing.
Just tell me why... Why did you do it?
What difference does it make?
I need to know whether I was right
or wrong about you when I
brought you inside these walls.
Did you do it for Gwynn?
Hey, I need to know
the truth, all right?
You owe me that much.
I'll pay for my revenge.
It's all I owe anyone.
Revenge for what? Huh?
Help me to understand.
Why should I tell you?
Because when you're dead,
at least there will be somebody
to remember what you died for.
He killed my family.
His men slaughtered the whole village.
Everyone I knew.
Everyone I loved.
Why? Why would they do that?
He wouldn't tell me why.
Only that they were well paid.
Doesn't matter now anyway.
Killing an agent of the Covenant
for whatever reason is death.
Doesn't make it right.
You're Prime Order yourself.
You're part of their regime.
Things aren't always as they appear.
Which is why we may still have a chance.
What are you talking about?
When is Wythers going to do this?
First light.
Good.
Then we still have time.
Garret.
I'm sorry I let you down.
Me, too.
Say good-bye to your lady friend.
- I barely know her.
- Knew her.
You barely knew her.
Yeah. We'll see.
We're doing this now.
You said I had till first light.
I still have time.
Tell it to the gods when you meet them.
I told you any infraction.
I'm a man of my word.
Time to keep my promise.
Actually, you said you'd
throw me to the Plaguelings.
I'll take my chances that
way if you don't mind.
I do, actually.
The punishment for murder is beheading.
Easy. You won't get very far.
Stick her on the block.
Get her in.
Where's your father?
You look like you swallowed poison.
- That woman from last night...
- Talon?
Yes. Wythers is going
to cut off her head.
- No, he's not.
- Gwynn, don't get involved.
Only your father can intercede.
- I owe her my life.
- Gwynn.
This is wrong! He deserved what he got.
Perhaps.
And you deserve what
you're about to get.
I, Gate Marshal Cedric Wythers,
acting magistrate of Gallwood Outpost,
hereby make judgment
on your mortal person.
As circumstances were found
to make lawful judgment...
I was right to kill him.
...you're here and now condemned
for the murder of Toru Magmoor,
Captain and venerable
agent of the Covenant guard
in this 14th year of the
Dominion of the Prime Order.
They murdered my family!
For which crime you will
be sentenced to death
in a manner, place, and time chosen
by this rightful judge and magistrate,
which is me.
And now at the hour
of your imminent death,
you may utter your
final words to be spoken
with your last and dying breath.
I killed in self defense.
But knowing his crimes, I would
have murdered the man ten times over.
I regret nothing.
Hmm. Good words.
Just out of curiosity,
"Tell Dred one remains,"
what's that mean to you?
If you kill me, you'll never know.
Worth a try.
You're a murderer just like him.
The law is the law.
Even vengeance has a price.
As your rightful judge and executioner,
the burden rests with me
and no one else, with
only the gods to intervene,
I hereby must take your mortal life.
Stop! She is innocent.
I declare it with oath and bond.
- Have you got proof of this?
- I witnessed everything.
She just admitted to the killing.
In self defense. He attacked her.
Why didn't you come here sooner?
GWYNN: I had hoped she
wouldn't be discovered.
By my noble station, I
set myself as her bond.
The burden is mine now, by law.
Don't tell me the law.
It's too late for new evidence.
The death sentence is irrevocable.
[GASPS]
Do it!
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Get out of the way!
The lady gave her oath and bond.
I don't care what she
says, she wasn't there.
There were no witnesses.
Will you dare accuse me of lying?
Where did he stab her
then? How many times?
Where'd she stab him? Come
on, tell us what happened.
- It was dark.
- You're bearing false witness
to a confessed murderer.
I don't know why yet,
but when the Prime Order
come to investigate,
I'll get my answer.
Truth has a way of coming out
when you're being skinned alive.
Tread lightly, Wythers. That's
my daughter you're talking about.
Then be a father.
Tell her to quit this charade.
Withdraw her testimony so I
can finish executing a murderer.
It's the best thing for all of us.
Did you ever meet Toru Magmoor?
He was the filthiest part of a pig.
He wanted to overtake the Outpost.
How would you like that? The
Prime Order running your town.
Now he's dead. And good riddance.
That's what's best for all of us.
Perhaps. But the Prime Order will demand
a life to pay for the
death of their officer.
And we have a murderer in custody.
A girl that means nothing to anyone.
Cut her head off and this
whole thing disappears.
Couldn't be more perfect.
He makes a good point, Gwynn.
I won't allow it.
Won't allow it?
Gwynn, please.
He attacked her. He nearly killed her.
He was a Covenant officer.
The Prime Order will
descend on this Outpost
like flies to a dung pile. And for what?
Some girlish whim?
- Father, I pledged my bond.
- You better unpledge it then!
Damn it, Wythers, just get out.
I take that to mean
finish the execution.
Yes.
Commander Calkussar,
I will not allow it.
Set her free.
[EXHALES DEEPLY]
What?
You let a child tell you what to do?
Just do as I say.
[BELL RINGING]
[COUGHING]
[WHEEZING, COUGHING]
Show yourself.
[WHEEZING]
Kell?
Kell, is that you?
- Get away.
- No.
Come on, take my hand. Come on.
- [GROWLING]
- [GASPING]
[LABORED] Kell, can't breathe.
[GASPING]
It's me.
[SCREECHES]
[GASPING]
Someone once told me you have to
get them in the mouth to kill them.
- Synced and corrected by VitoSilans -
-- www.Addic7ed.com --
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org